[release] v8.11.3 (#19583)
mui/mui-x: CHANGELOG.md

Reviewer: We seem to be very inconsistent with the tagging in the titles. We use ...
- ... PascalCase for data grid: `DataGrid`, `DataGridPro` and `DataGridPremium`
- ... kebab-case for charts: `charts` and `charts-pro`
- ... normal case for tree view: `tree view` and `tree view pro`

Historically we even use `TreeView` and `tree-view` as well, as @alexfauquette pointed out.

Should we decide on a pattern?

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@8.11.3`.

### Date and Time Pickers

#### `@mui/x-date-pickers@8.11.3`

- [pickers] Refactor `slots` and `slotProps` propagation strategy (#18867) @LukasTy

#### `@mui/x-date-pickers-pro@8.11.3` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link "Pro plan")

Same changes as in `@mui/x-date-pickers@8.11.3`.

### Charts

#### `@mui/x-charts@8.11.3`

- [charts] Add `inline-` piecewise legend options (#19382) @JCQuintas
- [charts] Add bar gradient example (#19174) @bernardobelchior
- [charts] Ignore empty tick labels in label overlap computation (#19547) @alexfauquette
- [charts] Rename `isBandScale` to `isDiscreteScale` (#19514) @bernardobelchior
- [charts][docs] Add `shiny` bar chart example at the top  (#19416) @JCQuintas

#### `@mui/x-charts-pro@8.11.3` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link "Pro plan")

Same changes as in `@mui/x-charts@8.11.3`, plus:

- [charts-pro] Add chart title and caption to export demo (#19524) @bernardobelchior

### Tree View

#### `@mui/x-tree-view@8.11.3`

> - [tree view] Stop looping through all items to publish the `removeItem` event (#19500) @flaviendelangle
> - [TreeView] Support flat DOM structure (#19350) @flaviendelangle

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [tree view] Stop looping through all items to publish the `removeItem` event (#19500) @flaviendelangle
- [tree view] Support flat DOM structure (#19350) @flaviendelangle
- [tree view] Update cursor styles for disabled TreeItem (#19548) @sai6855
```

@flaviendelangle Not sure which one is the correct one.  I picked the most frequent one in the CHANGELOG file

- tree view
- TreeView
- tree-view

#### `@mui/x-tree-view-pro@8.11.3` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link "Pro plan")

Same changes as in `@mui/x-tree-view@8.11.3`.

### Codemod

#### `@mui/x-codemod@8.11.3`

Internal changes.

### Docs

- [docs] Add styling row group recipe (#19349) @siriwatknp
- [docs] Group demos data into the dataset folder (#19549) @alexfauquette

### Core

- [code-infra] Axios update (#19577) @Janpot
- [code-infra] Remove usage of copy-files command from code-infra (#19518) @brijeshb42
- [internal] Fix naming to match convention @oliviertassinari
- [internal] Fix naming to match convention @oliviertassinari

> ### Miscellaneous
> 
> - [tree-view] Update cursor styles for disabled TreeItem (#19548) @sai6855
> 
> ## 8.11.2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 8.11.2
```
